hi this is hope for peace reporting to
you from beautiful and sunny Santa Cruz
California thank you for timing taking
your time out with me today to review
this material which i think is highly
important to our political situation
right now in America I'm putting
together this playlist for all of us who
do not normally watch this type of media
and particularly for people who think
that this media is not having any impact
on our current political atmosphere in
the media war which was President
Obama's first 100 days Fox News and
right-wing commentators won hands down
and three months of programming they
turn conservatives into protesters in
the massive Fox gop-backed tea parties
on this last tax day my favorite sign
from tea parties was the American
taxpayer Jews for Obama's ovens were
also many posters of Obama with Hitler
mustaches etc so I do encourage you to
go out online and and examine what that
protest was really all about I don't say
what I'm saying here lightly I realized
I'm making a strong statement against a
powerful segment of our culture and i
hope to be very careful with my words
I'm not trying to personally attack
anyone but I must point out that the
majority of what fox news commentators
say is fact is actually not fact at all
in these shows news is stirred in with
and often replaced by the talking points
of the conservative movement this is the
fact fair and balanced no spin zone
which Fox touts you will see as blatant
false advertising also i'm working on a
documentary on the subject and I've lost
my most excellent partner due to illness
jobless reiki healing vibes this project
is dedicated to you when this playlist
is over you will see why I cannot do
this alone so anyone who would like to
join me and participate especially
someone with a Mac please email me the
name of this movie is Rupert Murdoch
rules the world and it's also dedicated
to John who came up with the name and to
Aaron my two wonderful sons a few things
to keep in mind as you watch Bill
O'Reilly has had the top rated cable
news show in primetime and Fox News in
general and Fox generally dominates the
cable news ratings often twice the
audience of the closest competitor what
you are about to see cells and cells big
beck and hannity which follow a Riley in
the lineup are new in 2009 Hannity used
to be Hannity & Colmes he dropped combs
in January and is now by himself it's
just a handy show and glenn beck used to
be on the radio and he now has the glenn
beck show this is new Justin's January
of this year they also follow up this
lineup which is a Riley Hannity and back
after that you get the red eye a show
that is the most offensive and my
opinion after working full time on
research for this past year it is my
belief that we are just off eight years
of conservative policy which led to
disastrous consequences for the US those
facts are now covered up by blaming
Obama for ninety percent of our current
naf massive problems even though
only been in office for now less than
four months it seems that Fox spends
ninety-nine point nine percent of their
time of decrying Obama and point 01
covering bushes contributions to our
current problem these are deep subjects
which I will cover in rupert murdoch and
seven more films around similar subjects
if you would like to participate when
they please feel free to contact me I
would really appreciate it I realized
the stuff is hard to watch if you're not
used to it try and suffer through the
whole thing if you get emotional fatigue
watch at least the first one minute of
each clip you owe it to your country
each clip and then if you want to skip
forward I completely understand I'm
going to add in some comment a shin I
want you to understand I'm just a mom
I'm not a I'm not a TV news show I have
no training in this I just have been
studying the subject for many years and
when I come with the understanding of
the news that I have which i think is
well-researched and based in fact and I
watched new fox news it's absolutely
distressing because so very little of
what they say is actually based in
reality it's very dangerous the first
video that you're going to see in the
playlist is an on Fox video I want to
tell you that right up front but it does
show the results of this continued
bashing good luck be sure and catch the
wrap up at the end there's another
playlist on here that has about 45 of
these type of videos if you'd like to
keep watching and again I really
appreciate your time thank you so much
and bless